Add missing section and adjust grammar (#31259)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/elvia.markdown

---

The Elvia integration will import your historical grid consumption.

> You can use the Elvia integration, regardless of which provider you are subscribed to, as long as Elvia operates the grid. If you are unsure, this can work for you. Login to [Min side](https://www.elvia.no/logg-inn/). If you see a meter there, you can use it.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the Elvia integration, regardless of which provider you are subscribed to, as long as Elvia operates the grid. If you are unsure if this works for you, log in to [Min side](https://www.elvia.no/logg-inn/) and check. If you see a meter there, you can use it.
```

1. Start by logging in to your [Min side](https://www.elvia.no/logg-inn/).
2. Once logged in, select your main account (Usually the one with your name on it).
3. Select the **Tilganger** tab.
4. Under the **Tilgang til data** section, select the **Opprett token for målerverdier i API**.
5. In the dialog, select the meter(s) ([see note below about multiple meters](#multiple-meters-for-a-single-api-token)) you want to import values for, give it a name (like "Home Assistant integrasjon") and use the **Opprett** button to create your token.
6. Copy the token shown in the dialog and paste that into the integration configuration.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Updates

The integration will fetch new data every hour.
The first time it runs, the data for the past three years will be imported.

> The consumption data shown on [Min side](https://www.elvia.no/logg-inn/) and in Elvia's app is the same as this integration will use. And until the data is updated in those dashboards (which happens once every hour), the data will not be available in Home Assistant.

Author: ```suggestion
The integration is scheduled to be updated hourly, so there will be some delay when you see the updated data inside Home Assistant compared to [Min side](https://www.elvia.no/logg-inn/) and Elvia's mobile apps.
```

> If you are after instant monitoring of your consumption, you would have to use another integration, like [Tibber](/integrations/tibber/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in real-time monitoring, this integration is not for you. In this case, you need to use a real-time metering integration like [Tibber](/integrations/tibber/).
```

Author: Thanks 👍
